Alerting: Clarify group by label in documentation of notification policies (#39105)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/unified-alerting/notification-policies.md

### Root policy fields

- **Default contact point -** The [contact point]({{< relref "./contact-points.md" >}}) to send notifications to that did not match any specific policy.

> - **Group by -** Labels to group alerts by. If multiple alerts are matched for this policy, they will be grouped based on these labels and a notification will be sent per group. If the field is empty (the default), then all notifications will be sent in a single group. A special case label `...` can be used to group alerts by all labels, which effectively disables grouping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Group by -** Labels to group alerts by. If multiple alerts are matched for this policy, they will be grouped based on these labels and a notification will be sent per group. If the field is empty (default), then all notifications are sent in a single group. Use a special label `...` to group alerts by all labels, which effectively disables grouping.
```
